Check out samples of each objective here: 
  https://github.com/dzelemba/Ray-Tracing-Project/wiki/Samples.

Check out other projects from the same year here:
  https://www.student.cs.uwaterloo.ca/~cs488/gallery-A5-2011-2012.html

Name: Dusan Zelembaba
Student Number: 20349855
User-id: dzelemba
Assignment: 5

The final executable was compiled on this machine: gl13 

How to invoke my program: 

./rt [-s] [-c numCores] filename.lua
  This will run the raytracer for the scene, filename.lua, and output
  filename.png 

  -s -- Use Stochastic Sampling to improve image quality. Note that if a focal
        point is specified in the lua script this does nothing.
  -c numCores -- Use $numCores threads to render the scene.

./test.sh filename

  This will run the raytracer with filename.lua using the number of cores
  on the machine as the number of threads. It will also output timing data.


I have created the following data files, which are in the data directory:

    extraPrimitives.lua
    nonhier-poor.lua, nonhier.lua
    nonhier-refraction.lua, nonhier-all.lua
    csg.lua, ant.lua
    bump.lua, logtest.lua
    depthoffield.lua
    threading.lua 
    treetest.lua, leaftest.lua, leaf.lua
    finalscene.lua

Objectives:

     0: Reflections were implemented as my A4 extra feature.

     1: Refraction has been implemented.
     
     2: Stochastic sampling has been implemented for anti-aliasing and before
        and after images are provided to demonstrate this.

     3: Texture mapping has been implemented.

     4: Bump mapping has been implemented. 
     
     5: Cones and cylinders have been added as extra primitives. 
    
     6: Multi-threaded rendering has been implemented. Before and after
        timing results are shown to demonstrate this.
     
     7: Union, intersection and difference have been implemented for constructive
        solid geometry and a sample image showing combinations of these with
        different primitives has been provided. 

     8: Depth of field effects have been implemented and an identical scene with
        3 different focal points is provided to demonstrate this.
     
     9: L-system plants have been implemented. 
     
     10: A unique scene demonstrating the above objectives has been provided.
     
